#65: Upgrade to Metabase v.0.46.0 (#67)
exasol/metabase-driver: doc/changes/changes_1.0.5.md

# metabase-driver 1.0.5, released 2023-03-30

Code name: Document known issue with `NLS_FIRST_DAY_OF_WEEK`

## Summary

> In this release we documented a known issue with non-default configuration settings for `NLS_FIRST_DAY_OF_WEEK` and adapted the driver to Metabase v0.46.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release documents a known issue with non-default configuration settings for `NLS_FIRST_DAY_OF_WEEK` and adapted the driver to Metabase v0.46.0:
```
